*** TI-86 ENGINEERING PROGRAMS: /pub/graph-ti/calc-apps/86/engineering/

Choleski decomposition
----------------------
Choleski.89f and Choleski.92f are properly functions.
Call "Choleski" with a single argument: Choleski(A),
where "A" is the matrix you want to factorize. The
function returns the factorized matrix. Nothing is
stored by "Choleski". 

circuit
-------
This program is a nodal circuit analysis for use in analysis of simple circuits.
It can produce the voltage transfer function at a single frequency in list 
(text) output format and as a graphical frequency sweep.    

erf
---
Solves for the error function of z.

elasticg
--------
Elastica determines the 2*n constants associated with the double integration of
n piecewise functions and plots the resulting curve. Specifically Elastica 
solves boundary value problems of elastic curves.

erfinv
------
Finds the value of z in the error function: erf(z)=#, given the #.

femtorsn
--------
FETorsn: finite element method for elastic torsion on TI's graphing calculators.

nx86mg11
--------
Site layout functions. neXus 86 Mini-G Version 1.1 is a software package 
designed to speed up and simplify setting-out work by coordinates ("radial 
stakeout") using a total station or a theodolite and tape. It includes: Station 
Load station; Set out Calculate orientation bearing, set out points; Survey 
Survey points. Angle values are gradians.

nx86mm11
--------
Site layout functions. neXus 86 Mini-M Version 1.1 is a software package 
designed to speed up and simplify setting-out work by coordinates ("radial 
stakeout") using a total station or a theodolite and tape. It includes: Station 
Load station; Set out Calculate orientation bearing, set out points; Survey 
Survey points. Angle values are DMS.

staticsm
--------
This program creates the so called Statics matrix, [A]. In general, the
relationships here are developed from "through" variables of linear graph
theory. In particular, StaticsM is developed to deal with systems of framed
structures, where branches are members and nodes are joints. The matrix [A] is 
called the statics matrix because its rows are the equations of statics for 
the joints.


* All trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners.